DOC-2059: Added TINY-9793 to the release notes. (#2773)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following improvements:

=== Screen readers now announce instructions for resizing the editor using arrow keys, when the resize handle is focused.
//#TINY-9793

When using voice assistant software in previous versions of {productname}, focusing on the editor resize handle would not announce any instruction.

> In version 6.5 instructions for adjusting the size of the editor using arrow keys are announced, when the editor resize handle is focused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} 6.5, instructions for adjusting the size of the editor using arrow keys are now announced upon focusing the editor resize handle, while using voice assistant software.
```

> In {productname} 6.5, instructions for adjusting the size of the editor using arrow keys are now announced upon focusing the editor resize handle, while using voice assistant software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} 6.5, instructions for adjusting the size of the editor using arrow keys are now announced upon focusing the editor resize handle, while using voice assistant software.

NOTE: In {productname} 6.5 Enterprise, this announcement is only available in English. Additional translations will be added in a future release.
```
There should be a known issue about the translations, both here and under "Known issues". Forgot about this until today, sorry.

> In previous versions of {productname}, when using voice assistant software when focused on the editor's resize handle it would not announce any instructions to the user.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, the voice assistant software will now announce instructions  to the user for adjusting the size of the editor, by using directional arrow keys such as `↑` arrow up, `↓` arrow down ,  `→` arrow right,  and  `←` arrow left, when the editor resize handle is focused.

Author: ```suggestion
When using voice assistant software in previous versions of {productname}, focusing on the editor resize handle would not announce any instruction.

In version 6.5 instructions for adjusting the size of the editor using arrow keys are announced, when the editor resize handle is focused.
```

Author: @MitchCTiny reverted copy edits to reflect your entry in the TINY-9793 documentation section as requested.

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following improvements:

> === Screen readers now announce instructions for resizing the editor using arrow keys, when the resize handle is focused.
> //#TINY-9793
> 
> When using voice assistant software in previous versions of {productname}, focusing on the editor resize handle would not announce any instruction.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, instructions for adjusting the size of the editor using arrow keys are now announced upon focusing the editor resize handle, while using voice assistant software.
> 
> NOTE: In {productname} 6.5 Enterprise, this announcement is only available in English. Additional translations will be added in a future release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Screen readers now announce instructions for using arrow keys to resize the editor when the resize handle is focused
//#TINY-9793

When using voice assistant software in previous versions of {productname}, focusing on the editor resize handle would not announce any instruction.

In {productname} 6.5, instructions for using arrow keys to adjust the editor viewport’s size are now announced upon focusing the editor resize handle, while using voice assistant software.

NOTE: In {productname} 6.5.1, this announcement is only available in English. Additional translations will be added in a future release.
```
Copy-edit for parse-ability.

This section describes issues that users of {productname} 6.5 may encounter and possible workarounds for these issues.

There are several known issues in {productname} 6.5.

> === Screen readers are currently only supported in English ('en') when announcing instructions for resizing the editor.
> //#TINY-9793
> 
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, introduced announcing instructions for adjusting the editor's size using arrow keys to support screen readers.
> 
> However, there is a known issue where this new instruction is currently only available in English ('en') when resizing the editor. 
> 
> NOTE: that future releases of {productname} will include additional translations to provide broader support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Untranslated instructions for editor resize handle when using screen readers

In {productname} 6.5, instructions for using the editor resize handle were introduced, however these instructions are only provided in English.

Translations for these instructions will be added in a future enterprise release.
```
Can be trimmed down.
